For this module I attempted to create a song from the data in module1. I will discuss the difficulties I had in my process notes, but the hardest part was getting the data itself because I have very little experience with getting into the source files for anything. 

Throughout the process of creating this song I learned that data does not make very good or interesting music, but the process behind it is definitely cooler than the thing itself and getting to crack open a source file made me feel like a hacker from an action movie when all the data opened in Sublime.
I chose to sonify my data because it seemed like an interesting way to branch off from the 'original' product and make a remix. The 3D model is already a remix of the statue at Ottawa University and then I can go and take it further a step and make a song out of a digital model. I do not believe that the song adds value to the statue or the model, but it can add a new perspective to how we view the information that is given to us. 

In his article, David Gunkel discusses the remixing of music and the legal problems it creates, but he also explains that the remix can hold its own as a finished product that is simply made up of other things as samples. In theory, everything is a remix of something because whether it is directly sampled or it was the inspiration for a new idea, it comes from something that was created by someone else who got their idea from another person as well (Gunkel, 2008).
My creation is a remix of a 3D model, but the model comes from a copy of a statue which is arguably a remix of Thomas Aquinas' face which came from a painting or illustration. 

Artefacts should be conserved, but also released to the public to be remixed in different ways. The 'original remains the same, but we get many different forms of expression from people around the world who will be able to perceive the artefacts in an infinite number of ways. By doing this, you can gain that perspective brought forth by the public and the artefact is given a new life and it is able to reach a wider audience in the process. 
